Hello everyone and welcome this lecturer in the previous lectures.
We discussed how can we build our convolution your network pretty much from scratch going through all
the feature detectors or the next pooling layer or the loose layers or the flattening and so on and
so forth here.
I just wanted to discuss know just a quick give and give you kind of a quick hint of how can we improve
for example the accuracy or how can we improve the performance of the network.
We can improve the performance of the network by first by increasing the number of filters.
So here for example or a number of feature detectors we can actually increase the number of feature
detectors.
So for example if we're using 32 feature detectors we can use 64 instead.
That might improve the access Not necessarily but it adds more potential of expecting more data and
more features out of our images and then hence results in a better improved performance.
The next the next improvement that we could perform in college dropout OK and drop out is actually very
powerful technique.
Okay.
Which is can be used to improve legs medically improves the general aviation capability of the network
which is how they will be able to generalise and actually perform on it testing data better even though
it hasn't seen this data before or during training.
OK.
So let's take a look at what this means.
So let's assume that we have here our efficient network.
What we do what we mean by top out we're actually going to select some of these new ons.
So let's say this new and for example and let's say this neurone and let's say Come here this neurone
and these neurones are going to do here is going to basically drop them out.
We're going to do more than your aunt and remove all the dependencies.
So actually we drop that neurone and we more of the area was connected to it which are then you're on.
And we drop all the areas connected to it.
It's just incredible.
OK OK.
What's the point.
Like what's what's the advantages of having this.
So what we actually has been proven that when we do drop out which is kind of one of the regulare lazy
regularisation techniques Okay it can help to reduce overfitting of the network.
It's kind of you know like we are trying to you know as an it has to learn in our studies to become
better and better at what we do.
We we drop parts of these neurones so the network we know we have such a train more afterwards it gets
it gets back even more the stronger it gets back and try to avoid what we call the overfitting problem.
OK what do you mean by overfitting what happen is if you need to be deficient in what it is for example
using teeling dataset what happened is the network might try to go ahead and try to look at the different
details of the teeling data.
We do not want this.
We do we want the now to generalize you on the net to even if how to classify for example like smiling
faces even if has seen the smiling faces before during training.
OK so drop out you first dropping out units in a traditional network nuance in in here when we perform
training with our drop outs we've developed a co-dependency among each other doing training.
So this new will depend on this new will on will depend on all the in as before.
And what we could do during drop out of it which is again part of the regularisation technique is actually
go ahead and we drop these neurones when we drop them net will become way better because the reduced
the overfitting of the network becomes more generalized becomes more way better and then starts again
as you move forward.
These networks or these kind of neurones start to capture all the learnings again and the performance
and hands again.
Right.
And then this just a quick overview of the two improvements that could be done to the conversion year
network.
Let's go ahead and implement.
You know like one or two of these improvements in our network.